AKIRA: Kencho, Shizuka,
have either of you heard
of mindfulness?
- Immersing yourself in
the present
and freeing yourself from both
the past and future, right?
We covered that
in corporate seminars.
- That's right,
and moving forward,
I'm aspiring to maintain
that mindset whenever I can.
- Okay, listen, Akira.
No offense, but...
I don't think you need
to worry about maintaining
your mindfulness
or whatever it is you call it.
[motorcycle
engine revving]
AKIRA: Oh, man,
things are going great!
I've already crossed
15 things off my list!
At this rate I might be
able to finish it within one
month!
- I feel like you might
get eaten by a zombie if you do.
- How much longer
till we're there?
- I'd say about an hour!
- That's only
if nothing else happens.
Just look how long it took
for us to get here from Tokyo.
- I'm sure we'll
get there before
the end of summer!
[both laughing]
all: Huh?
[tires squealing]
KENCHO: What's going on?
AKIRA: A survivor?
SHIZUKA: They lost a wheel
and can't move!
- All right!
It's been a while,
but it's shark suit time!
- What the--
you're charging in there?
Guess I shouldn't be
that surprised.
AKIRA: Stop right there,
zombies!
Your diabolical reign
of terror ends here!
[grunting]
'Cause Akiranger is here!
Super hero of justi--
[zombies groaning]
Huh?
[zombie groans]
[all gasping]
[zombies groaning]
- [gasping]
- [stammering]
[zombies groaning]
[BEATRIX exhales]
- Is this a period drama?
AKIRA: That was so cool!
- [speaking German]
I owe you all a debt
of gratitude
for assisting me here.
AKIRA: Huh?
- Thank you.
My name is Beatrix Amerhauser.
[grunts]
- Hold up.
A foreigner?
- Uh, a girl?
- Where do I start?
Goodness.
[Kana-Boon's "Song of the Dead"]
- So then you came here
from Germany because you're
a fan of Japan, Beatrix?
- Oh, ja!
Nippon's culture
is truly magnificent!
Kyoto, Fuji-yama,
and ikebana.
I love each part of this country
and studied them greatly!
- Well, that explains the armor.
- I have to say,
it's not a bad
anti-zombie strategy.
[doors creak]
- Refrigeration.
AKIRA: For fish?
- It may seem strange,
but I have reasons
to see this fish delivered.
However, I can't anymore.
Seems that you
are all brave samurai.
May I request your aid?
Though it may not be
your destination,
would you mind helping me
deliver this fish to Takasaki?
- Huh?
- I suppose we could stop by
Takasaki City.
- If she's transporting all
these fish to survivors
then we should help,
don't you think?
- But there are risks involved
with going near a city.
- Huh?
- Why are you transporting fish?
- Ever since I was exposed
to Nippon's culture
on TV as a child,
I've dreamed of coming here
and seeing it
for myself someday.
After saving money
from multiple jobs,
the day came where I landed
in Narita,
but the pandemic already--
and so the beautiful Nippon
I've once dreamed of visiting
was gone forever.
But after admiring
Nippon's culture for so long,
I just had to see it
and experience it for myself,
and at last,
I found it.
The only one remaining--
the last sushi chef alive!
- What?
- Sushi?
- The taisho
of this sushiya told me
if I could deliver fish,
he would let me eat
as much as I want
of his delicious sushi!
both: So she's just in it
for sushi?
- Beatrix.
AKIRA: It's clear to me
that your love of Japan
and its culture
is pure and true.
Don't you worry!
We will deliver that fish,
even if it costs all
of us our very lives!
both: He's only in it
for the sushi, too!
- [speaking German]
I knew when I saw you,
you were all true samurai!
AKIRA: Now that that's decide,
let's hurry, you two!
Come on, guys!
The fish is losing its quality
each minute that passes!
AKIRA: It's time we show her
the spirit of hospitality!
[both grunting]
BEATRIX: The sushiya
is located down an alleyway
just past central Ginza.
AKIRA: Back alley?
Sounds like it's full
of character!
It's gotta be famous, right?
- However, the last time
I talked to him over the phone
was three days ago.
I sure hope the taisho
is all right.
- Huh?
KENCHO: Whoa, this place
is packed with zombies.
AKIRA: Well, Beatrix,
are you ready?
BEATRIX: Hai.
On your mark.
- Look, uh, it's nice you two
are motivated,
but you guys have a plan at all?
- Nope!
- Nein!
- [exhales sharply]
Chargin' in head-first
as always.
Am I right?
- I might have a plan
to deal with this.
- What?
SHIZUKA: Hmm.
"All under heaven is not
for one man,
but for all men,"
so if we're gonna do this,
we're gonna pig out on sushi.
- So, we're Three Kingdoms now?
KENCHO: Hey, zombies!
This way, you dummies!
You want a tasty piece of ass,
don't ya?
Then come get it!
[all groaning]
[breathing heavily]
This way!
Come on!
Now, Akira!
[tires squealing]
[truck horn honking]
- Beatrix!
- Right!
Leave this to me!
[shouting]
[zombies groaning]
[horn honking continues]
AKIRA: Shizuka!
[grunts]
I gathered as many as I could.
- Whew, so, everything work out?
- Yes.
Exactly as I planned it.
KENCHO: All right!
[grunts]
[glass shattering]
[zombies groaning]
[both grunting]
[distant glass shattering]
- And so the time has come.
Now, then,
unleash the flames upon them!
both: Right!
- Time for a barbecue!
all: Huh?
[zombies groaning]
- Hey, were there always
this many?
Huh?
SHIZUKA: Hurry and light it!
BEATRIX: J--Ja!
AKIRA: Okay!
Ah, well, it's, uh--
- It's no use!
This match doesn't want
to light!
SHIZUKA: Hurry up!
- [grunts]
This is bad!
KENCHO: At this rate our RV's
gonna be buried in zombies!
- You're kidding.
But if that happens,
the fish will be...
BEATRIX: We can't fight
that many of them head-on.
It's all over for us!
AKIRA: Fear...
- Huh?
AKIRA: Is nothing more than
an excuse not to act.
It's not about whether we can.
It's about whether we have
the desire to do it!
The want to do it!
- [gasps]
both: He just wants
to each sushi.
AKIRA: If we can't sit and eat
at a nice sushi restaurant,
then I'd rather become a zombie!
- [gasps]
Oh?
[gasps]
- Incoming!
[grunting]
[zombie groans]
[breathing heavily]
Huh?
- [speaking Japanese]
[zombies groaning]
- Beatrix!
BEATRIX: I apologize
for the shameful behavior
I exhibited.
I will no longer waiver.
- [grunts]
BEATRIX: Let's do this, Akira!
AKIRA: Right!
[both grunting]
[both shouting]
[zombies groaning]
- [shouting]
[zombies shouting]
[grunting]
Huh?
Uh, Akira!
- Leave it to me!
[grunting]
[grunts]
[zombie groaning]
You!
Oh, man!
They just keep coming!
BEATRIX: At this rate,
we will be...
[distant music playing]
both: Huh?
["Sakura" playing
over drone]
♪♪ ♪♪
Wait.
That's my Walkman!
SHIZUKA: And just to be
safe... - [grunts]
BEATRIX: Here,
and if you don't mind my asking,
what do you need
my Walkman for?
- We don't know what
will happen out there
so we should prepare
a backup plan.
- This is...
[both gasping]
The zombies are...
AKIRA: They're getting
lured away!
♪♪ ♪♪
- I didn't wanna do this because
it would cause more damage
but I have no choice.
Once again the
time has come.
Unleash the flames!
- [shouting]
[glass shattering]
[zombies shouting]
[booming]
[zombies roaring]
[all shouting]
[all laughing]
- Oh, yeah!
Tonight we're pigging out
on fancy all-you-can-eat sushi!
all: So good!
What the hell?
It's so good,
it just melts in my mouth!
- The vinegar
and rice falls apart perfectly
and it's prepared with such care
I couldn't find a critique
for this if I tried!
- It's firm with
the right amount of sweetness!
The fancy food I
had entertaining clients
wasn't this good!
- It may be true I moved
back home to Gunma,
but before that I'd been honing
my skills
for nearly 30 years in Tsukiji.
Despite it being the end
of the world,
you came to eat my sushi!
For that,
you can eat as much as you like!
- I think I'd like to try
the gizzard shot next!
- More cold sake!
AKIRA: Oh, yum!
It's so tasty,
I could eat this forever!
- [whimpering]
KENCHO: Ooh!
Fancy sushi restaurants
are the best!
- [gasps]
- [exhales]
Beatrix, what do you think?
[Beatrix sniffles]
It's--it's bitter.
It's bittersweet
but still delicious.
I really am so happy to be here.
- [laughing]
all: Welcome to Japan.
TAISHO: I can't believe
you're shedding tears over my
sushi!
[crying]
I worked every day without
any days off even
on my daughter's wedding day
or the day my wife passed away.
I've never felt so honored
to be a chef as now.
You guys might be
my last customers,
so tonight you can drink all
the sake in the restaurant
to your hearts' desire.
AKIRA: Are you serious, Taisho?
You're so generous!
[all speaking at once]
[percussive music]
[cicadas chirping]
BEATRIX: So this is one
of Nippon's
heat waves, huh?
They really are brutal.
- Not havin' a bath in
the last few days is startin'
to take its toll.
- Bathing in a river just makes
us all smell so swampy.
Ugh, I'd give anything
for clean hot water now.
- With that said...
all: We're going
to a hot spring!
[both shouting]
both: It's amazing!
both: Hot springs
are the greatest!
- Huh?
BEATRIX: I knew it.
I fear they may fall out even
with the mens' one.
- I'd take that kind
of a problem any day.
[AKIRA whimpers]
[KENCHO grunting]
- Talk about
a picture perfect moment.
- When I worked
at an exploitative company
every hour of the day,
I never dreamed of taking
a vacation like this!
- So this whole town
is a hot spring spot, ja?
Back where I'm
from in Europe,
most cities are built
around a town square of some
kind,
but here in Nippon,
some towns are built
around hot springs.
I've never seen anything
like it!
I can't think
of a more perfect spot
to visit after
our sushi escapade!
SHIZUKA: As usual,
you're quite knowledgeable,
aren't you?
Kusatsu Hot Spring!
Always at the top
of the National Hot Spring
Efficacy Record...
[speech indistinctly ramps up
in speed]
- She knows more about Japan
than any of us!
- And because they always
claimed they could cure
everything but love sickness,
hot springs drew visitors
from all over the country!
- Everything but love sickness,
you say?
That's too bad.
I guess hopping in one
won't cure my feelings
for you, will it, Bea?
- Huh?
- Love sickness?
Hmm.
[gasps]
Normally this would have been
a good place to go on a date,
don't you think?
- Hmm?
- Sorry you're stuck here
with us.
- [chuckles]
Dating is a complete waste
of time and resources.
It amounts
to only temporary pleasure.
Your 20s
are far better spent acquiring
the knowledge base
and skill sets
to obtain promotions
and earn more money.
You can think about whether
or not you need
a partner once you've done that.
- I thought you'd
say something like that.
But for me I just feel
like life would be more fun
with someone I cared about.
AKIRA: And I bet it would make
me wanna work harder, too.
SHIZUKA: That's ridiculous.
- [grunts]
- You might fall in love
with someone
who doesn't love you or become
loved by someone you dislike.
Love's an investment
with poor cost performance.
An utter waste of time.
- [grunts]
[doors opening]
[distant birds chirping]
[both shouting]
both: It's an open-air
bath, and the thing's freaking
huge!
- I'm going first!
[all shouting]
[both shouting]
- Well, so much for soaking
and relaxing.
Then at least I
can wash away all
of this dirt and grime!
Let's ditch the boys and head
to the womens' bath, Beatrix!
- About that.
The thing is there's
no hot water in
the womens' bath.
- Huh?
BEATRIX: I'm guessing
the pump isn't working.
SHIZUKA: You're joking, right?
[AKIRA gasps]
SHIZUKA: You mean to tell me
the only hot spring we can use
in this town is the mens' bath?
[gasps]
[dramatic music]
- I guess you know
what that means, ladies.
Desperate times call
for desperate measures.
Am I right?
- There's no need to be ashamed.
Come join us.
The water's--
- Intolerable, obscene,
and revolting.
Every fiber of my being
is repulsed.
[both whimpering]
- You are wrong about that,
Shizuka.
- Eh?
- Back during the ancient times
of Nippon,
this country has had
a tradition of...
[speech indistinctly ramps up
in speed]
Which means we are not
to be ashamed!
Konyoku is a
proud cultural
and historical practice
of Nippon!
both: Thank you!
Your love for our culture
is truly a
sight of beauty!
[water bubbling]
- Huh?
[roaring]
- Whoa!
[all groaning]
[all screaming]
AKIRA: There's so many of them!
[all breathing heavily]
SHIZUKA: Oh, well!
I guess we're not kicking back
in a hot spring!
BEATRIX: So disappointing!
I wanted to visit all
the famous locations!
KENCHO: Aww, just when Bea
was about to bathe with us, too!
- [whimpering]
[screaming]
Dammit all!
[crows cawing]
KENCHO: I don't think we
can make it back to the car.
SHIZUKA: It looks like
we'll just have
to pray that they'll
go away eventually.
AKIRA: I'm sick and tired
of the stupid zombies!
When am I gonna be able
to kick back in
a soothing hot spring?
- At least you got a
chance to soak in the water
[all crying]
for a little while!
- I just wanted
to wash away
all of my grime!
[all snoring]
- [grunting]
I'm so thirsty.
[exhales]
[grunts]
AKIRA: Is that water?
[gasps]
No way.
A hot spring in the middle
of the mountains!
Ah!
This one feels even better
than the last one!
I bet heaven's got nothin'
on this.
No way.
[SHIZUKA screams]
[AKIRA grunts]
Huh?
[SHIZUKA gasping]
AKIRA: Sh--Sh--Shizuka?
- [whimpering]
[both shouting]
AKIRA: Sorry! I seriously
didn't know you were in here.
It really was an accident!
I promise!
- I don't care what it
was! Hurry up and get out!
- Wait, what?
Hey, that's not fair!
I just got here!
- Wha--what?
- All I wanted to do here
was kick back in a hot spring,
and if I have to leave
this place without doing that,
well then I'd rather be eaten
by zombies!
- He really only cares about
soaking in the hot spring?
- Okay.
Fine.
As long as you stay on
the other side of that boulder.
Okay?
- Okay!
- But if you turn around,
you're dead!
- Okay!
- [grunts]
- [shuddering]
SHIZUKA: About earlier.
I'm sorry.
- Huh?
SHIZUKA: Back when I shot down
your ideas about love.
My father didn't--well,
he never approved
of how I lived my life.
And when your opinions
are continuously shunned
and ignored,
it makes it hard to accept
the opinions of others.
In order to defend
your position,
you assert your legitimacy
by rejecting
what other people
have to say.
SHIZUKA: But you're
not concerned
about winning approval.
You just say whatever comes
to your mind.
I guess that made me
a little jealous.
And the old me slipped out
for a bit.
SHIZUKA: The truth is,
I'm just bad at romance.
I'm afraid of getting hurt.
Which is probably why I put up
a front and acted like work
was more important.
AKIRA: Wow, Shizuka.
You're, uh--
- [gasps]
- You're being really open
right now.
- [grunts]
If one day I do find
myself falling in love...
I can only hope that it's
with someone I
can be this open with.
both: Hmm?
Wait, what I said just now,
I didn't mean it like that,
okay?
- [gasps]
- Okay?
- Does that mean that you, uh...
- [grunts]
KENCHO: Whoa!
- [screams]
- Holy crap, there's
a hot spring in the middle
of the mountains?
- Then it must
be a Noyu which
is a naturally-occurring
hot spring!
Kusatsu Hot Spring
is said to be...
[speech indistinctly
ramps up in speed]
- Hmm?
Oh, what?
KENCHO: Since when did
you two start hookin' up?
- No, we're not--
- It's not like that!
- I wanted to soak in
a hot spring, too!
How could you just leave us
like that?
- I hate to put
a damper on your love life,
but this is unforgivable!
If you get to soak in there,
then we do, too!
[both shouting]
SHIZUKA: Hey, who said you
could jump in here?
KENCHO: This
feels amazing!
BEATRIX: Hot springs
really are the best!
AKIRA: We're kicking back
in a hot spring!
KENCHO: Konyoku bathing!
SHIZUKA: I guess
I have no choice.
BEATRIX: Ja!
[Shiyui singing
in Japanese]
[Shiyui's "Happiness
of the Dead"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[upbeat music]